Joedanz/fix.mcp.quotes (#264)
eyaltoledano/claude-task-master: .changeset/cuddly-candies-fry.md

---
'task-master-ai': patch
---

> Add quotes around numeric env vars in mcp.json (Windsurf, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add quotes around numeric env vars in mcp.json to make it compatible with `Windsurf` and other editors
```
